well how do you there internet people
its bogan it is not the strongest of the
species that survives nor the most
intellectual but the one most adaptable
to change that is Charles Darwin's
strongest quote I think that he would
love that that's his strongest quote
that quote can teach us a lot about
culture as well cultures are the same
way that is an adaptable it dies it goes
away it doesn't survive in the United
States and certainly in the southern
United States we are in the middle of a
cultural war you have those who want to
reach back to the 1950s or the 1850s and
you have those that want to take huge
strides forward and they're fighting
Arkansas has decided to yank its statues
from Capitol Hill each state gets to
send up two statues and they line the
halls of the Capitol Hill Arkansas is
yanking theirs they're pulling theirs
out one of them is of a lawyer who sided
with Confederacy and the other is a
segregationists being replaced with
Daisy Lee GATS and Bates and Johnny Cash
Daisy was ad segregationist Johnny Cash
was course a musician not exactly the
greatest role model but I can see why
Arkansas chose him it's great
I mean Arkansas is entering the 20th
century it's sad that it's now the 21st
century but whatever take the wins where
we can get them now of course this move
is going to make people angry a certain
subset of society has decided that the
preservation of Confederate monuments
for whatever reason is important I'm not
sure why
the Confederacy lasted five years in the
1860s it doesn't define the south it
really doesn't Southern culture existed
before the Confederacy and it has
existed afterward this would be a lot
like people a hundred years from now
deciding that designing women' defined
the southern culture incidentally
designing women' lasted longer than the
Confederacy for those that don't know
overseas viewers it was a TV show the
thing is the United States as a whole is
in the same situation we're still
clinging to ideas that died a hundred
years ago everywhere else in the world
you know the idea of this hierarchical
structure and keeping each other down
ticking down instead of you know
punching up at those in power and trying
to get them to behave we just want to
make sure we're better off than those
people incidentally the only Confederate
tradition that is still alive in the
south is a bunch of poor white guys
going off and fighting the battles of a
bunch of rich white guys that's about it
everything else is gone the Confederacy
is gone everything that had to do with
it is gone that's the only tradition
that remains it's kind of sad that that
is still around
and that's what it is you know a lot of
these flashpoints in these culture wars
they stem entirely from the wealthy
convincing for people to fight their
battles for them we those not in the top
10% of this country or the top 1% of the
top point zero one percent our fighting
each other rather than trying to figure
out why we're allowing ourselves to be
controlled that's really what the
cultural war should be about to me but
instead we're fighting over statues
we're fighting over flags we're fighting
over things that do not matter American
culture will die because we're not
changing we're fighting battles that
were decided a hundred and fifty years
ago
we're clinging to this ideal of the
1950s that never existed was TV shows
that people in my generation watch that
was great it was never like that
that's not real
and as we fight these battles we don't
progress we don't move forward we don't
embrace new technologies and new ideas
we're stagnant and a culture much like a
species that is stagnant that does not
change it dies if you are one of those
fighting to return to the good old days
whenever that was your killing America
you're killing the ideas that were
present at one time America had great
ideas didn't always live up to him
certainly but the promise that the
United States kind of gave to its
citizens was pretty cool it was pretty
cool and as history progressed more and
more people were given that promise
because initially that promise applied
to a very few a very very few and it
extended and it extended and now we
still fight to deny that promise to
other people we preach about the land of
the free in the home of the brave and we
fight freedom and we're terrified of
everything
the culture of this country is dying the
the the DNA what makes up America is
gone it's it's gone those who see
themselves as a defenders of the
American ideal don't even know what it
is anymore they've just chosen aside and
the the red vs. blue battles and they
think they're winning nobody's winning
we're all losing we are all losing
because we refuse to progress we refuse
to think outside of history we refuse to
look forward instead of back if that
doesn't stop and stop pretty quickly -
give it up give it up incidentally
Darwin's strongest quote he never said
it that's the funny thing about that
quote he never said that he never wrote
that that quote came about in the 1960s
when somebody paraphrased his work and
just tried to sum it up and because that
summary of his work was so adaptable and
so useful in so many different ways it
survived and that became his strongest
quote and I think he would love that I
really do because it pretty much proves
his entire theory anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night